fix: force line height in toolbar (#692)
Frontify/brand-sdk: .changeset/metal-eyes-appear.md

---
"@frontify/guideline-blocks-settings": patch
---

> Force line-height to be 1 on toolbar items to prevent wrapping element height to be miscalculated at 24.9px

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BlockItemToolbar: Force line-height to be 1 on toolbar items to prevent wrapping element height to be miscalculated
```

Author: fixed
